Add Test PRs locally section to CONTRIBUTING.md (#2738)
ansible-collections/community.general: CONTRIBUTING.md

You can also read [our Quick-start development guide](https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/create_pr_quick_start_guide.rst).

## Test pull requests

> If you wanted to checkout a PR branch and test the changes locally, use [this document](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_collections_contributing.html), but instead of ansible-collections/community.general use pr_author/community.general and checkout the PR branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wanted to checkout a PR branch and test the changes locally, use [this document](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_collections_contributing.html), but instead of ``ansible-collections/community.general`` use ``pr_author/community.general`` and checkout the PR's branch.
```

## Test pull requests

> You can take a look at [our test a PR locally guide](https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/test_pr_quick_start_guide.rst) for instructions on how to test pull requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to test a PR locally, refer to [our testing guide](https://github.com/ansible/community-docs/blob/main/test_pr_quick_start_guide.rst) for instructions on how do it quickly.
```
Just a suggestion

Author: Very good one.
